  URL to forked completed codepen https://codepen.io/ckrynick/pen/dyGyPrO?editors=1100
  
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    For structureof our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
     they define proprties of an element and go in the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    heading tag. should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href id
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    header tag
    7. What is an id? 
    it is used to identify a single element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any html tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    specifies one or more class names
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank" 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    alternate text for an image that cant be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section defines things like headers and footers whereas div defines a division in an HTML tag
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    the presentation of the webpage like colors, fonts, and layout
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    just h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is just for one element  class and be used with multiple elemennts
        ex.  you might use id for a word in  a title and a class for the first div if HTML
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified elements

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar:links
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selectselements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-type: dotted;
    border-color: black;
    border-width:1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {} or universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* commenet /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm because it deletes permenently without warning
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to help prevent concurrent work from conflicting
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
     step 1 fork your repo
     step 2 add your tl as a collaborator 
     step 3 clone the repo
     step 4 open your terminal and go to the directory you want to clone the repo to
     step 5 use git clone <link>
     step 6 cd into new repo names
     step 7 use git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName' to create your own branch
     step 8 git add .
     step 9 git commit -m "helpful comments"
     step 10 git push -u origin branch names
     step 11 submit to pr 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 